hsa-let-7a-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7e	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Heart Failure
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-101-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-103a-1	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-103a-2	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-103a-2	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-106a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-106b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-107	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-107	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-107	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-107	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-1	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-1	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-1	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-1	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-1	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-1-2	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-2	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-1-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-2	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Lipid Metabolism Disorders
hsa-mir-124-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-125a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Dermatitis,Atopic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-125b-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Dermatitis,Atopic
hsa-mir-125b-2	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-126	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-126	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-126	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-126	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-126	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-127	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-130a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-130a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-130a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-132	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-132	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-132	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-1	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-1	Long QT Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-133a-2	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-2	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Long QT Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-2	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-133b	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-134	Fragile X Syndrome
hsa-mir-135a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-135a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-136	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-140	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-141	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-141	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-142	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-143	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-143	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-143	Obesity
hsa-mir-144	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-146a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-146a	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-146b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-146b	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-146b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Asthma
hsa-mir-148a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-148a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-148b	Asthma
hsa-mir-150	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-150	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-150	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-150	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-151a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-152	Asthma
hsa-mir-154	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Down Syndrome
hsa-mir-155	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-155	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-155	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-155	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-155	Renal Insufficiency
hsa-mir-15a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-15a	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-15a	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-15b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15b	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Autoimmune Diseases
hsa-mir-16-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-16-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Autoimmune Diseases
hsa-mir-16-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Lymphoproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-16-2	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-17	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-17	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-181a-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-181b-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-181b-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-182	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-182	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-187	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-18b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-192	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-195	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-195	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-195	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-195	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-195	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-195	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-195	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-195	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-196a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-196a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-197	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-199a-1	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-199a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-199a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-199a-2	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-199a-2	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-199b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-199b	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-199b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-199b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-19b-1	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19b-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-203	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-203	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-204	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-205	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-205	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-206	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-206	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-208a	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-208a	Endomyocardial Fibrosis
hsa-mir-208a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-208a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-208a	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-21	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Dermatitis,Atopic
hsa-mir-21	Focal Epithelial Hyperplasia
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Heart Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-21	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-21	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-211	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-212	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-212	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-214	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-214	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-214	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-214	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-215	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-218-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-218-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-22	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-22	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-221	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-221	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-221	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Papilary thyroid carcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Papilary thyroid carcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-221	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-222	Papilary thyroid carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-223	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-223	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-224	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-224	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-224	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23a	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23b	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23b	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-23b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-24-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-24-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-24-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-24-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-24-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-24-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Tourette Syndrome
hsa-mir-24-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-24-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-24-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-24-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-24-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-26b	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-26b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-27a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-27b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-27b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-28	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-28	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-296	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-297	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-299	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-299	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-29a	Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-mir-29a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-29b-1	Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-mir-29b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-29b-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-29c	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-300	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-302a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-302b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-302b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-30a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-30a	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-30b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-30c-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30c-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30c-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-30e	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-32	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-32	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	RNA Virus Infections
hsa-mir-32	RNA Virus Infections
hsa-mir-32	RNA Virus Infections
hsa-mir-320a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-320a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-323a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-330	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-331	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-339	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-33a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-342	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-342	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-34b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-34b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-362	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-365a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-365b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-367	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-372	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-372	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms,Germ Cell and Embryonal
hsa-mir-372	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms,Germ Cell and Embryonal
hsa-mir-373	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-375	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-376c	Hepatitis,Chronic
hsa-mir-376c	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-376c	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-377	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-378a	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-379	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-379	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-381	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-381	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-382	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-423	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-424	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-429	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-432	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-432	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-451a	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-452	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-452	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-487b	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-494	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-495	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-497	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-497	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-499a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-500a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-501	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-507	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-512-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-512-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-515-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-515-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520c	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520c	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520d	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520e	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520f	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520g	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-520h	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-523	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-525	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-526a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-526a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-526b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-7-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-7-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-7-3	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-92b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-95	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-98	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99b	Muscular Disorders,Atrophic
hsa-mir-22	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-30e	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-195	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-26b	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-let-7g	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-107	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-146a	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-200a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-214	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-424	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-31	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-150	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-184	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-106a	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-214	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-424	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-451a	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-31	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-150	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-184	Retinal Neovascularization
hsa-mir-127	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-154	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-299	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-323a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-370	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-19a	Hamartoma Syndrome,Multiple
hsa-mir-21	Hamartoma Syndrome,Multiple
hsa-mir-21	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Eczema
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181c	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181d	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-191	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-223	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-222	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-10b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-212	Liver Diseases,Alcoholic
hsa-mir-128-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-128-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-128-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-let-7a-3	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-155	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-221	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-222	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-451a	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-339	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-378a	Polycythemia Vera
hsa-mir-296	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-219-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-153-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-339	Melanoma
hsa-mir-103a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-106b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-25	Melanoma
hsa-mir-93	Melanoma
hsa-mir-219-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-135b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-194-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-215	Melanoma
hsa-mir-338	Melanoma
hsa-mir-199a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Melanoma
hsa-mir-151a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-30b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-30d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-429	Melanoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-488	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302d	Melanoma
hsa-mir-367	Melanoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-383	Melanoma
hsa-mir-17	Melanoma
hsa-mir-18a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-19a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-20a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-320a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-302a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-let-7a-2	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-let-7a-3	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-141	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-143	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-145	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-150	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-15a	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-16-1	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-16-2	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-21	ACTH-Secreting Pituitary Adenoma
hsa-mir-223	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-126	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-126	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-224	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-34b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-382	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-34b	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-34c	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-17	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29a	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29c	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-34a	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-198	Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-mir-29a	Acquired Immunodeficiency Syndrome
hsa-mir-106b	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-146a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-17	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-20a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-21	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-221	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-106a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-106b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-129-1	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-129-2	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-132	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-132	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-140	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-146a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-146b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-146b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-148b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-15a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-15b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-181d	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-193b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-21	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-212	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-23a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-23a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-23b	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-27a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-363	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-381	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-431	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-432	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-484	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-539	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-550a-1	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-550a-2	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-598	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-652	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-663a	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-7-1	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-7-2	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-7-3	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-92a-1	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-92a-2	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-93	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-95	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-143	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-196a-1	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-196a-2	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-510	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-363	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-429	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-452	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-514a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-514a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-514a-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-126	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-222	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-339	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-373	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-451a	Precursor B-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-22	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-106b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-10a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Chronic-Phase
hsa-mir-21	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-101-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-377	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Carcinoma,Embryonal
hsa-mir-193b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-204	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-429	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-449a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-449b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-99b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-103a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-103a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-106a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-151a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-182	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-183	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-194-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-194-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-203	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-223	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-95	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-100	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-1-1	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-1-2	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-125a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-125b-1	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-125b-2	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-126	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-141	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-142	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-143	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-145	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-150	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-194-1	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-194-2	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-196b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-200a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-200b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-20a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-223	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-29c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-34c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-365a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-365b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-424	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-99a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-99b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-659	Dementia
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Digestive System Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-137	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-451a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Glioma
hsa-mir-15b	Glioma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-21	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Reperfusion Injury
hsa-let-7a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-223	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-146a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-15a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-181a-1	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-181a-2	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-181b-1	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-181b-2	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-200a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-200b	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-200c	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-1-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-1-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-196a-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-196a-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-196b	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-199a-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-199a-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-296	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-30a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-30b	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-30c-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-30c-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-30d	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-431	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-448	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-127	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Hyperglycemia
hsa-mir-155	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-16-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-16-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-17	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-18a	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-19a	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-19b-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-19b-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-20a	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-21	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-24-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-24-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-92a-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-92a-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-let-7a-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-let-7a-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-let-7a-3	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-9-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-9-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-9-3	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-let-7i	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-10a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-198	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-19b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-92a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Ductal,Breast
hsa-let-7a-1	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7a-2	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7a-3	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7b	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7c	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7d	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7e	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7f-1	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7f-2	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7g	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7i	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-221	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-222	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-98	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-125a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-199b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-339	Leukemia
hsa-mir-378a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-454	Leukemia
hsa-mir-575	Leukemia
hsa-mir-660	Leukemia
hsa-mir-663a	Leukemia
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-let-7a-2	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-let-7a-3	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-let-7e	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-130b	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-134	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-142	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-150	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-184	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-185	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-195	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-197	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-198	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-200c	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-208b	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-210	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-223	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-23a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-296	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-30a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-30d	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-324	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-324	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-346	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-365a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-365b	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-423	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-433	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-484	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-486	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-494	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-500a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-516a-1	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-516a-2	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-516b-1	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-516b-2	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-518b	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-518c	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-557	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-575	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-583	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-596	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-600	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-601	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-602	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-608	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-611	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-612	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-615	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-622	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-629	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-637	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-638	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-642a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-654	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-657	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-658	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-662	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-663a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-769	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-99a	Lupus Vulgaris
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-26a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Melanoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Melanoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Melanoma
hsa-let-7b	Melanoma
hsa-let-7c	Melanoma
hsa-let-7d	Melanoma
hsa-let-7e	Melanoma
hsa-let-7f-1	Melanoma
hsa-let-7f-2	Melanoma
hsa-let-7g	Melanoma
hsa-let-7i	Melanoma
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Marek Disease
hsa-mir-223	Marek Disease
hsa-mir-221	Marek Disease
hsa-mir-222	Marek Disease
hsa-mir-10b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-125a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-153-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-153-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-153-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-153-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-199b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-199b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-31	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-182	Melanoma
hsa-mir-532	Melanoma
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-206	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-125b-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-335	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-342	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-561	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-10a	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-126	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-17	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-20a	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-21	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-206	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-221	Carotid Artery Diseases
hsa-mir-222	Carotid Artery Diseases
hsa-mir-219-1	Nervous System Diseases
hsa-mir-219-2	Nervous System Diseases
hsa-mir-17	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-18a	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-19a	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-19b-1	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-19b-2	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-20a	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-302a	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-371a	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-372	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-373	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-383	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-491	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-520d	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-92a-1	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-92a-2	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-96	Hearing Loss
hsa-mir-143	Obesity
hsa-mir-211	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Osteoarthritis
hsa-let-7e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-let-7a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms,Germ Cell and Embryonal
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms,Germ Cell and Embryonal
hsa-mir-372	Cerebellar Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Cerebellar Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-1	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-2	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-495	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Salivary Gland Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-15a	Liver Diseases
hsa-mir-152	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-411	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-let-7a-1	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7a-2	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7a-3	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7b	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7c	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7d	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7e	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7f-1	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7f-2	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7g	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7i	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-mir-221	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-mir-222	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-mir-98	Lymphoma,Primary Effusion
hsa-let-7a-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7c	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7d	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-100	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-106b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-126	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-130a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-132	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-133a-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-135a-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-137	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-139	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-143	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-148a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-15b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-17	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-192	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-194-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-194-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-203	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-23b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-28	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-301a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-301b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-335	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376a-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376a-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-376c	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-424	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-449a	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-449b	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-484	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-491	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-7-3	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-let-7b	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-139	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-146a	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-328	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-337	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-338	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-342	Neurodegenerative Diseases
hsa-mir-96	Hearing Loss
hsa-mir-106b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-521-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-1-1	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-1-2	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-133b	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-142	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-182	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-183	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-96	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-29a	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-146a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-346	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-196b	Neutropenia
hsa-mir-21	Neutropenia
hsa-mir-302a	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Skin Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Hypertension
hsa-mir-1-2	Hypertension
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertension
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertension
hsa-mir-155	Hypertension
hsa-mir-208b	Hypertension
hsa-mir-184	Tongue Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-184	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-206	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-363	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-494	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-542	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-9-1	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-9-2	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-9-3	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-100	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-206	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Cerebral Hemorrhage
hsa-mir-155	Cerebral Hemorrhage
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-151a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-148a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-640	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-140	Arthritis
hsa-mir-15a	Arthritis
hsa-mir-494	Prion Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-200a	Meningioma
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Stroke
hsa-mir-133a-1	Stroke
hsa-mir-133a-2	Stroke
hsa-mir-124-1	Stroke
hsa-mir-124-2	Stroke
hsa-mir-124-3	Stroke
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-145	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-15a	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-15b	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-196a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-181a-2	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-124-3	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-124-1	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-124-2	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-362	Cerebral Hemorrhage
hsa-mir-34a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-208a	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-128-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-342	Prion Diseases
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-19b-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Glioma
hsa-mir-18a	Glioma
hsa-mir-18b	Glioma
hsa-mir-20a	Glioma
hsa-mir-20b	Glioma
hsa-mir-106a	Glioma
hsa-mir-106b	Glioma
hsa-mir-93	Glioma
hsa-mir-183	Glioma
hsa-mir-182	Glioma
hsa-mir-367	Glioma
hsa-mir-302a	Glioma
hsa-mir-302b	Glioma
hsa-mir-302c	Glioma
hsa-mir-302d	Glioma
hsa-mir-371a	Glioma
hsa-mir-373	Glioma
hsa-mir-148a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-21	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-22	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Inflammation
hsa-mir-650	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Child Development Disorders,Pervasive
hsa-mir-23a	Child Development Disorders,Pervasive
hsa-mir-219-1	Child Development Disorders,Pervasive
hsa-mir-219-2	Child Development Disorders,Pervasive
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-602	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-602	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-429	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-200b	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-200a	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-338	Melanoma
hsa-mir-193b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-191	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Granulosa Cell Tumor
hsa-mir-516a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181c	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181d	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colorectal Neoplasms,Hereditary Nonpolyposis
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34a	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30e	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-371a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-372	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-373	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302c	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302d	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302e	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-302f	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1296	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-493	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-126	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-195	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Ischemia
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-151a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-193b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-30b	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-143	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-215	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-136	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Inflammation
hsa-mir-210	Ischemia
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-20b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-198	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-370	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-196a-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Glioma
hsa-mir-375	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-23a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146a	Inflammation
hsa-mir-29a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-34a	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioma
hsa-mir-146a	Sepsis
hsa-mir-223	Sepsis
hsa-mir-191	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-423	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-10a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-31	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-26a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-26a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-25	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-221	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181c	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-146a	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-18a	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-19a	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-20a	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-106b	Toxoplasma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-500a	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-328	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320a	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320b-1	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320b-2	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320c-1	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320c-2	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320d-1	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-320d-2	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-206	Synapses
hsa-mir-24-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-24-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-149	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-638	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-1181	Hepatitis C
hsa-let-7g	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Inflammation
hsa-let-7g	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7d	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7i	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7e	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7f-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7f-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-146a	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-146a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-486	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-499a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-31	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Metabolic Diseases
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-195	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-423	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-10a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-150	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-186	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-210	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-451a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-125a	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-204	Retinal Degeneration
hsa-mir-155	Francisella
hsa-mir-133b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-100	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-93	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Chlamydia Infections
hsa-mir-206	Amyotrophic Lateral Sclerosis
hsa-mir-31	Schistosomiasis
hsa-mir-21	Cryptosporidium
hsa-mir-30b	Cryptosporidium
hsa-mir-23b	Cryptosporidium
hsa-mir-27b	Cryptosporidium
hsa-mir-126	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-483	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C,Chronic
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-25	Endomyocardial Fibrosis
hsa-mir-29a	Endomyocardial Fibrosis
hsa-mir-126	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-23a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-145	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-17	SARS Virus
hsa-mir-574	SARS Virus
hsa-mir-214	SARS Virus
hsa-mir-200a	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-200b	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-141	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-429	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-205	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-192	Nephrosclerosis
hsa-mir-10b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-152	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-125a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-484	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Asthma
hsa-mir-326	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Stroke
hsa-mir-100	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-500a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-140	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-208a	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Stroke
hsa-mir-362	Stroke
hsa-mir-298	Stroke
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-210	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-206	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Ischemic Preconditioning
hsa-mir-143	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-145	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Arthritis,Psoriatic
hsa-mir-140	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-342	Prion Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Meningioma
hsa-let-7d	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-155	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-214	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-150	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-125a	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-148a	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Fibroblasts
hsa-mir-96	Pain
hsa-mir-182	Pain
hsa-mir-183	Pain
hsa-mir-34a	Pain
hsa-mir-107	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-145	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-17	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-18a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-19a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-20a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-499a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-208b	Atrophy
hsa-mir-125a	Atrophy
hsa-mir-107	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-185	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-31	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-149	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-19a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Cholesteatoma
hsa-mir-93	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Eclampsia
hsa-mir-26b	Eclampsia
hsa-mir-335	Eclampsia
hsa-mir-222	Eclampsia
hsa-mir-21	Eclampsia
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Extranodal NK-T-Cell
hsa-mir-27a	Lymphoma,Extranodal NK-T-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Melanoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-34c	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-599	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-96	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-122	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-221	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-125a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-31	Leiomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-661	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-331	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-18a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-20a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-17	Melanoma
hsa-mir-146a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-146b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Melanoma
hsa-mir-122	Melanoma
hsa-mir-23a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-96	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-182	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-183	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-200b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-429	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	HIV
hsa-mir-155	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-203	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Adenoma
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-503	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-let-7a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Asthma
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-let-7a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Asthma
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-let-7a-3	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Asthma
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-3	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7a-3	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-let-7b	Asthma
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7b	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Asthma
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7c	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Asthma
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7d	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7d	Melanoma
hsa-let-7d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-let-7e	Asthma
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7e	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Asthma
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7f-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Asthma
hsa-let-7f-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7f-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Asthma
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7g	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7g	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Asthma
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-let-7i	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7i	Melanoma
hsa-let-7i	Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-101-1	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-101-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-101-2	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-101-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-106a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-106b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-106b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-107	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Melanoma
hsa-mir-10a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-10a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Distal Myopathies
hsa-mir-1-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-1-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-1-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-1180	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1184-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1-2	Chordoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Distal Myopathies
hsa-mir-1-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-1-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-1-2	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-1224	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-124-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-3	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-1246	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1247	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1249	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-125a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Biphenotypic,Acute
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-125b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-125b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-125b-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-126	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-126	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-126	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1280	Melanoma
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-1302-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-3	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-4	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-5	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-6	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-7	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1302-8	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-130a	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-130b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Distal Myopathies
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Distal Myopathies
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-134	Central Nervous System Diseases
hsa-mir-135a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-137	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-137	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-137	Melanoma
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-138-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-140	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-141	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Melanoma
hsa-mir-143	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-143	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-145	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-146a	Arthritis,Psoriatic
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-146a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-146a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-146a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-146b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-146b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-148a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-148a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-148a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-148a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-149	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-150	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-151a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-152	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-155	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-155	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-15b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-15b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-16-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-17	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-17	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-17	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-106a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-486	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-425	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-133a-2	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-21	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-122	Hypertension
hsa-mir-133a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy,Left Ventricular
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy,Left Ventricular
hsa-mir-133b	Hypertrophy,Left Ventricular
hsa-mir-30a	Hypertrophy,Left Ventricular
hsa-mir-30b	Hypertrophy,Left Ventricular
hsa-mir-1-1	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-2	Arrhythmias,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-21	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-221	Endothelium,Vascular
hsa-mir-486	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-21	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-29a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30e	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-106a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-143	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30c-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30c-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-23a	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-7-3	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-188	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-133b	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-106b	Alopecia
hsa-mir-125b-1	Alopecia
hsa-mir-125b-2	Alopecia
hsa-mir-221	Alopecia
hsa-mir-410	Alopecia
hsa-mir-150	Sepsis
hsa-mir-182	Sepsis
hsa-mir-342	Sepsis
hsa-mir-486	Sepsis
hsa-mir-210	Melanoma
hsa-mir-34a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-203	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-210	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-382	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-484	Adrenocortical Adenoma
hsa-mir-29a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-146a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-199b	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-25	Myocardium
hsa-mir-29a	Myocardium
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-133b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-133b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-486	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-629	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Irritable Bowel Syndrome
hsa-mir-326	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-212	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-224	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-335	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-424	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-451a	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-491	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-93	Trophoblasts
hsa-mir-193b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27b	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-9-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-9-3	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-433	Chondrodysplasia Punctata
hsa-mir-423	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Anoxia
hsa-mir-199a-2	Anoxia
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-1-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-1-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-222	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-21	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-182	Leukemia,Biphenotypic,Acute
hsa-mir-584	Leukemia,Biphenotypic,Acute
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-215	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-30e	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34a	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-191	Melanoma
hsa-mir-193a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-193b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-338	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-512-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-512-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-142	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-142	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-143	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-15a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-21	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-208a	Myocardium
hsa-mir-499a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-199a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-19b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-92a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-183	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-191	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-192	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-203	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-20a	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-215	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-223	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-25	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-26b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-31	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-93	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-223	Precursor T-Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-182	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-18a	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-18b	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-20a	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-20b	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-93	Toxoplasmosis
hsa-mir-451a	Erythropoiesis
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-98	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-221	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-222	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-205	Esophagus
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Esophagus
hsa-mir-17	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-23b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-195	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-455	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-28	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-199a-2	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-199a-1	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-199a-2	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-31	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-542	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-628	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-195	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23a	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-27b	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-301a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-99a	Adrenal Cortex Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-139	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-142	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-296	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-20b	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-26a-2	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-371a	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-423	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-638	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-663a	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-206	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-196a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-499a	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-27a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-21	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-21	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-210	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-221	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-222	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-296	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520h	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-21	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-222	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-331	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-25	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-32	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-363	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-367	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-92a-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-92a-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Facioscapulohumeral
hsa-mir-206	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-9-1	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-9-2	Waldenstrom Macroglobulinemia
hsa-mir-26a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-26a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-222	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-183	Melanoma
hsa-mir-186	Melanoma
hsa-mir-18a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-18a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-199a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-199a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-20a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-20b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Melanoma
hsa-mir-216a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-217	Melanoma
hsa-mir-22	Melanoma
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-30a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-30e	Melanoma
hsa-mir-328	Melanoma
hsa-mir-330	Melanoma
hsa-mir-342	Melanoma
hsa-mir-361	Melanoma
hsa-mir-362	Melanoma
hsa-mir-362	Melanoma
hsa-mir-365a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-365b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-378a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-422a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-452	Melanoma
hsa-mir-501	Melanoma
hsa-mir-509-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-517a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-518e	Melanoma
hsa-mir-519b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-550a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-550a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-584	Melanoma
hsa-mir-593	Melanoma
hsa-mir-621	Melanoma
hsa-mir-625	Melanoma
hsa-mir-646	Melanoma
hsa-mir-664	Melanoma
hsa-mir-767	Melanoma
hsa-mir-99a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-31	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-375	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Cardiovascular Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-21	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Myocardium
hsa-mir-21	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-23b	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-185	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-206	Distal Myopathies
hsa-mir-206	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-126	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-193a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-34a	Cardiovascular Diseases
hsa-mir-320a	Ischemia
hsa-mir-520h	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-181b-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-18a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-18b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-191	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-196b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-1972-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-19b-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-19b-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-210	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-219-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-25	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-26b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-27a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-27b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-30a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-30b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-30c-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-30c-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-320c-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-324	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-338	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-33a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-342	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-345	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-34a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-362	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-374b	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-378a	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-421	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-433	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-452	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-454	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-505	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-519a-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-566	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-582	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-589	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-619	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-627	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-635	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-650	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-655	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-7-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-7-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-7-3	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-744	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-92a-1	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-92a-2	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-942	Adenoviridae Infections
hsa-mir-21	Pulmonary Fibrosis
hsa-mir-187	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-192	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-194-1	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-194-2	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-199a-1	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-199a-2	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-20a	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-21	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-214	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-486	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-20b	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-21	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-24-1	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-24-2	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-15a	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-126	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-191	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-197	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-223	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-320a	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-489	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-212	Cocaine-Related Disorders
hsa-mir-335	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Inflammation
hsa-mir-181b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Inflammation
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma,Large-Cell,Anaplastic
hsa-mir-1-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487a	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-let-7a-2	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-let-7a-3	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-15b	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-16-1	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-16-2	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-21	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-24-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-24-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-494	Ischemia
hsa-mir-494	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-210	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-195	Aortic Valve Insufficiency
hsa-mir-195	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-195	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-26a-1	Aortic Valve Insufficiency
hsa-mir-26a-1	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-26a-1	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-26a-2	Aortic Valve Insufficiency
hsa-mir-26a-2	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-26a-2	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-30b	Aortic Valve Insufficiency
hsa-mir-30b	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-30b	Heart Defects,Congenital
hsa-mir-21	Neuroma,Acoustic
hsa-mir-205	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518c	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-552	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-615	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-192	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-193a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-200c	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-486	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-181b-1	Autistic Disorder
hsa-mir-22	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-499a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-499a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-208b	Myocarditis
hsa-mir-499a	Myocarditis
hsa-mir-192	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-194-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-194-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-215	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-199a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-199a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-331	Leukemia
hsa-mir-27a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-199b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-491	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-646	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-29a	Scleroderma,Localized
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1227	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1229	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-99b	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-125a	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-128-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-199b	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-199b	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-326	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-21	Brain Injuries
hsa-mir-223	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-7-1	Neurilemmoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Neurilemmoma
hsa-mir-7-3	Neurilemmoma
hsa-mir-126	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-129-1	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Brain Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-218-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-143	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-373	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-126	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Nevus,Pigmented
hsa-mir-125b-2	Nevus,Pigmented
hsa-let-7c	Nevus,Pigmented
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-22	Panic Disorder
hsa-mir-138-2	Panic Disorder
hsa-mir-148a	Panic Disorder
hsa-mir-488	Panic Disorder
hsa-mir-1-1	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-335	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-29b-1	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-29b-2	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-29c	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-33a	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-33b	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-516a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	AIDS Dementia Complex
hsa-mir-593	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-371a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1179	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-30a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-424	Hemangioma
hsa-mir-103a-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-103a-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-107	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-92a-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-98	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7a-3	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7b	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7c	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7d	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7e	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7f-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7f-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7g	Hypertrophy
hsa-let-7i	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-185	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Leukemia
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-126	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-130a	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-221	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-222	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-92a-1	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-92a-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-96	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Patau Syndrome
hsa-mir-16-1	Patau Syndrome
hsa-mir-16-2	Patau Syndrome
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-195	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34b	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-34c	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-452	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-378a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-146a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-99a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-31	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-34b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-let-7e	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-99b	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-125a	Sarcoma,Synovial
hsa-mir-214	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-mir-143	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-328	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520h	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-137	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-150	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-382	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-125b-1	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-125b-2	HIV Infections
hsa-mir-616	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Sarcoma
hsa-mir-34b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Sarcoma
hsa-mir-34c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Sarcoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-222	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7f-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-30c-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-30c-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-885	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-100	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-99a	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181c	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181d	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-489	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-129-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-129-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-23a	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-214	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-23b	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-92b	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-25	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-210	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-212	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-515-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-515-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146b	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-338	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-520h	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-197	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-378a	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-135b	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-224	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-221	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-126	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-485	Leukemia
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-206	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1254-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-574	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-495	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-26b	Glioma
hsa-mir-107	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-1258	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-29b-2	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-126	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-19a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-539	Mastocytosis,Systemic
hsa-mir-381	Mastocytosis,Systemic
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-519a-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-519a-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-141	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-182	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-183	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-200a	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-200b	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-200c	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-429	Helplessness,Learned
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Inflammation
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196a-1	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-196a-2	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-196b	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-221	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-137	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-155	Inflammation
hsa-mir-155	Cystic Fibrosis
hsa-mir-24-1	Inflammation
hsa-mir-24-2	Inflammation
hsa-mir-199a-1	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-199a-2	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-200a	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-200b	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-106b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Inflammation
hsa-mir-33b	Inflammation
hsa-mir-335	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-196a-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-1-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-22	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29b-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29b-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29c	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-16-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-26a-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-30a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-22	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-23a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-362	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1202	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-191	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-107	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-148a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-103a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-103a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-425	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-203	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-1-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-21	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-638	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia
hsa-mir-218-2	Cervical Intraepithelial Neoplasia
hsa-let-7b	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-128-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-128-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-133b	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-182	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302a	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302b	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302c	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302d	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302e	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-302f	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-21	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-155	Inflammation
hsa-mir-221	Inflammation
hsa-mir-222	Inflammation
hsa-mir-542	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-29c	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-17	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30c-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30c-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-199a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-199a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-199b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Hepatoblastoma
hsa-mir-499a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-151a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1224	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Hypertension
hsa-mir-101-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-101-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-499a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-517a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-132	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7a-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7a-3	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7b	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7c	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7d	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7e	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7f-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7f-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7g	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7i	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181a-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181a-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181b-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181c	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181d	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-29a	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-29b-1	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-29b-2	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-29c	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30a	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30b	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30c-1	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30c-2	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30d	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-30e	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-1	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-124-2	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-124-3	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-34b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-133a-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-133a-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-133b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200b	Diabetic Retinopathy
hsa-mir-224	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-452	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-182	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-183	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-96	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-148a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-193a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-193b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-18a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-20a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-25	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-106a	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-106b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-20b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-182	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-214	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-497	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-7-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-7-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-7-3	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-29b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-569	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-144	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-17	Obesity
hsa-mir-132	Obesity
hsa-mir-203	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-200b	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-200c	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-205	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-429	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-192	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-141	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-21	Ischemia
hsa-mir-29b-1	Ischemia
hsa-mir-29b-2	Ischemia
hsa-mir-30b	Ischemia
hsa-mir-125a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-30c-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-497	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-491	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-1-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-199a-1	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-181a-2	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-9-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-29b-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-29b-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-98	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-18a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-193a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-125b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-223	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-200a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-mir-93	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-mir-92a-1	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-mir-92a-2	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-203	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-15b	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-21	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-486	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-let-7a-1	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-let-7a-2	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-let-7a-3	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-342	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-103a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-103a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-125b-2	Psoriasis
hsa-let-7b	Liposarcoma
hsa-let-7g	Liposarcoma
hsa-mir-486	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-1-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-449a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-99b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Myopia
hsa-mir-34b	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-137	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-1-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-1-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-133a-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-133a-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-133b	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-205	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Obesity
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-95	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-101-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Melanoma
hsa-mir-381	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-202	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-193a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-29c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-708	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-509-3	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-574	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-485	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-100	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-720	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-504	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-141	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-429	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-203	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-10a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-200b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-873	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-200c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-200a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-449b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-375	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-34c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-143	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Radiation Injuries
hsa-mir-200a	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-200b	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-200c	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-141	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-429	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-328	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-143	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Neurofibromatosis 2
hsa-mir-7-2	Neurofibromatosis 2
hsa-mir-7-3	Neurofibromatosis 2
hsa-mir-148a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Sarcoma
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-451a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-9-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-155	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-146a	Sjogren's Syndrome
hsa-mir-139	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-675	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-146b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-100	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-100	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-195	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-1-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-133a-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-133a-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-206	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-106a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-31	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-222	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-148a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-200b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-193a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-503	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-18b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-19a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-19b-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-19b-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-22	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-106a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-17	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Melanoma
hsa-mir-34a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Melanoma
hsa-mir-204	Melanoma
hsa-mir-26b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-192	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-143	Leukemia
hsa-mir-218-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-1-2	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-499a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-146a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-519d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Sezary Syndrome
hsa-mir-486	Sezary Syndrome
hsa-mir-214	Sezary Syndrome
hsa-mir-622	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-200a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-215	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-9-1	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-9-2	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-9-3	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-379	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Melanoma
hsa-mir-486	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Melanoma
hsa-mir-362	Melanoma
hsa-mir-650	Melanoma
hsa-mir-31	Melanoma
hsa-mir-137	Melanoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-218-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-24-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-24-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-24-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-146b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-590	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-let-7d	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-124-1	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-124-2	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-124-3	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-135a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-135a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-145	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-637	Hypertension
hsa-mir-519a-1	Gout
hsa-mir-519a-2	Gout
hsa-mir-519b	Gout
hsa-mir-519c	Gout
hsa-mir-519d	Gout
hsa-mir-519e	Gout
hsa-mir-520a	Gout
hsa-mir-520b	Gout
hsa-mir-520e	Gout
hsa-mir-520d	Gout
hsa-mir-520f	Gout
hsa-mir-520g	Gout
hsa-mir-520h	Gout
hsa-mir-34b	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-34c	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-100	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-130a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-197	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181d	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-101-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-342	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-499a	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-196a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-21	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-29a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-185	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-335	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1302-1	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-2	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-3	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-4	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-5	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-6	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-7	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-1302-8	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-21	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-let-7a-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7a-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-let-7a-3	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-16-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-16-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-196a-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-126	Asthma
hsa-mir-29a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-29c	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-29b-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-29b-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B,Chronic
hsa-mir-372	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-373	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-146a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-346	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-21	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-let-7a-1	Inflammation
hsa-let-7a-2	Inflammation
hsa-let-7a-3	Inflammation
hsa-let-7b	Inflammation
hsa-let-7c	Inflammation
hsa-let-7d	Inflammation
hsa-let-7e	Inflammation
hsa-let-7f-1	Inflammation
hsa-let-7f-2	Inflammation
hsa-let-7g	Inflammation
hsa-let-7i	Inflammation
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-335	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-29a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-22	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-100	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Inflammation
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-1246	Down Syndrome
hsa-mir-181a-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-130b	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-100	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-372	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-21	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-671	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-10b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-103a-1	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-103a-2	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-492	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-222	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-31	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-198	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-18a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-19a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-20a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-132	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-199a-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-451a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardium
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardium
hsa-mir-338	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-192	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-34c	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-1827	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-483	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-143	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-429	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-9-2	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-9-3	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-1-1	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-1-2	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-128-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-128-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-99a	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-150	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-423	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-197	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-211	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-122	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-194-1	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-194-2	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-143	Liposarcoma
hsa-mir-146a	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-155	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-1-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Kidney Failure,Acute
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-519d	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-647	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-632	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-636	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-143	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-130a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-155	Intervertebral Disk
hsa-mir-203	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-23a	Ischemia
hsa-mir-148a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-488	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-130a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-302a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-302b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-302c	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-302d	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-367	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1275	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Melanoma
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-187	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Tongue Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Tongue Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-141	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-29b-2	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-222	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-302f	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-455	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-617	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-758	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-766	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1286	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-374a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-22	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-7-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-7-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-7-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-196b	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-215	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-103a-1	Hypertension
hsa-mir-103a-2	Hypertension
hsa-mir-18a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-636	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-1	Cerebral Hemorrhage
hsa-mir-26a-2	Cerebral Hemorrhage
hsa-mir-216a	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-216b	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-302a	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertension
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-155	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-155	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-21	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-21	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-125a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-122	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-335	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-218-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-218-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-29a	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-29b-1	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-29b-2	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-29c	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-99a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Encephalomyelitis,Autoimmune,Experimental
hsa-mir-24-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-24-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-125a	Abortion,Habitual
hsa-mir-135b	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-150	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-542	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-652	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-146b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-146b	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-186	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-548d-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-548d-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-512-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-135b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-33b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-20a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-19b-1	Antiphospholipid Syndrome
hsa-mir-20a	Antiphospholipid Syndrome
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-20a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-19b-1	Antiphospholipid Syndrome
hsa-mir-20a	Antiphospholipid Syndrome
hsa-mir-142	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-204	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-211	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-107	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-32	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-218-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-218-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-17	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-491	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-9-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-9-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-9-3	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-199a-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-199a-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-214	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-193b	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-145	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-103a-1	Pain
hsa-mir-103a-2	Pain
hsa-mir-155	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-1-2	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-1	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-2	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133b	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-208b	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-1-1	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-1-2	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-1	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133a-2	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-133b	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-208b	Acute Coronary Syndrome
hsa-mir-142	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-223	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-21	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-378a	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-100	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-132	Supranuclear Palsy,Progressive
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-637	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-367	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-17	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-19a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-100	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-127	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-145	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-133a-1	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-133a-2	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-133b	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-101-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-196a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-106b	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-210	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-34a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-146a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-146b	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-335	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-214	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-190a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-93	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-885	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-491	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-148a	Amyloidosis
hsa-mir-16-2	Amyloidosis
hsa-mir-26a-1	Amyloidosis
hsa-mir-26a-2	Amyloidosis
hsa-mir-203	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-100	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-127	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-148a	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-136	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-192	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-335	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-376c	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-489	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-502	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-107	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-194-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-637	Hypertension
hsa-mir-874	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Fibrosis
hsa-let-7a-1	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-let-7a-2	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-let-7a-3	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-mir-375	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Ischemia
hsa-mir-9-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-942	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105-1	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-105-2	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Melanoma
hsa-mir-507	Melanoma
hsa-mir-508	Melanoma
hsa-mir-510	Melanoma
hsa-mir-509-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-509-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-509-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-513a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-513a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-513b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-513c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-514a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-514a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-514a-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-542	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Melanoma
hsa-mir-144	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-663a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-711	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-203	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-205	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-152	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7a-3	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7f-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-let-7f-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-140	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-149	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-146a	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-146b	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-31	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-18b	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-221	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-106b	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-101-1	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-101-2	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-98	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-30c-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-30c-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-637	Osteoporosis
hsa-mir-155	Gastritis,Atrophic
hsa-mir-155	Colitis
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-328	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-31	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-142	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-34a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-16-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-16-2	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-122	Fatty Liver,Alcoholic
hsa-mir-34a	Fatty Liver,Alcoholic
hsa-mir-16-1	Fatty Liver,Alcoholic
hsa-mir-16-2	Fatty Liver,Alcoholic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-125b-2	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-150	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-146a	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-135a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-135a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-423	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-18a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-19a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-20a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-19b-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-92a-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-17	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-18a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-19a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-20a	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-19b-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-92a-1	Musculoskeletal Abnormalities
hsa-mir-193b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-193b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomyopathy,Hypertrophic
hsa-mir-483	Ischemia
hsa-mir-195	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-196b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181c	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-149	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Fibrosarcoma
hsa-mir-373	Fibrosarcoma
hsa-mir-17	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-429	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma,Ehrlich Tumor
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-27b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-208a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-26b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-26a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-146b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-125b-1	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Hematologic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-155	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-491	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-34a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-203	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-218-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-218-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-7-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-139	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-95	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-873	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Pemphigus,Benign Familial
hsa-mir-34b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-124-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-28	Asthma
hsa-mir-146a	Asthma
hsa-mir-146b	Asthma
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Hypertension
hsa-mir-101-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-101-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-26a-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-26b	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-26b	Anemia,Sickle Cell
hsa-mir-151a	Anemia,Sickle Cell
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-27b	Glioma
hsa-mir-27b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-127	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Hypertension
hsa-mir-133b	Hypertension
hsa-let-7e	Hypertension
hsa-mir-1-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-1-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-139	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-23a	Atrophy
hsa-mir-137	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-504	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-144	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-539	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-495	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-409	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-494	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-376c	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-379	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-376a-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-376a-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-323a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-203	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-193a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-144	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-338	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-143	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-146a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-126	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-126	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-223	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-361	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-483	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-373	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-935	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-92b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-302b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-302d	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-219-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-219-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-219-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-219-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-106a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-504	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-10a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-122	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-146b	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-181a-1	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-181a-2	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-374b	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-509-1	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-509-2	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-509-3	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-513a-1	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-513a-2	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-499a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-15b	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-223	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-300	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1299	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Melanoma
hsa-mir-10b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-29a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-29c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-34c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-135b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-142	Retinoblastoma
hsa-let-7i	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-134	Pulmonary Embolism
hsa-mir-21	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-203	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-125b-1	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-125b-2	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-451a	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-375	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-29b-1	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-29b-2	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-29c	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-129-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-548d-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-548d-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-191	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-197	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-126	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-20a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-20a	Angina,Unstable
hsa-mir-326	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-34b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-25	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-375	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-450b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-106a	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-106b	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-200b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	AIDS Dementia Complex
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-29a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-191	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-135a-2	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-135b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-93	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-34a	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-mir-490	Sarcoma,Ewing's
hsa-mir-34b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-101-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-101-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-138-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-29a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-22	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-20b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-29c	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-30c-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-30c-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-25	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-206	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-183	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-224	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-26a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-26a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-208a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-208b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-143	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-149	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-185	Glioma
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7a-1	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7a-2	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7a-3	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7d	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7f-1	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-let-7f-2	Mycosis Fungoides
hsa-mir-21	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-191	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-142	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-487b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-410	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-331	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-605	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-138-1	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-149	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-142	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-18a	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19a	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-20a	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-150	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Carcinoma,Endometrioid
hsa-mir-181a-1	Ischemia
hsa-mir-181a-2	Ischemia
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1293	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-608	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-let-7c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-93	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-320b-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-320b-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-1233-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-1233-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-1290	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-24-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-155	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-125a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-199a-2	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-429	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-200c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-181c	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-3	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-184	Keratoconus
hsa-mir-1-1	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-1-2	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-133a-2	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-133a-1	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-133b	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-206	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-29a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-29a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-449b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-197	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1249	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1234	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-532	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-522	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-744	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-2110	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-483	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320c-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320c-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-323b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1290	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-197	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-532	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-765	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-187	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-323b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-629	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-608	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-137	Intellectual Disability
hsa-mir-335	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-374a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-199b	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-126	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-151a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-151a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-126	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29b-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29b-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-147a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-28	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-30b	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-374b	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-19b-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-19b-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-30c-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-30c-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-29c	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-301a	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-26a-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-26a-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-199a-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-199a-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-199a-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-199a-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-130b	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-223	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-424	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-302a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-21	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-520d	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-486	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-451a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-342	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-421	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-640	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-144	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-155	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-181b-1	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-181b-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-329-1	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-329-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-548b	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-550a-1	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-550a-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-550a-3	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-550b-1	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-550b-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-146a	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-155	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-223	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-181a-1	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-181a-2	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-100	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-1	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-1-2	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-21	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-29a	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-133a-1	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-133a-2	Aortic Aneurysm,Thoracic
hsa-mir-218-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-218-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-126	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-219-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-219-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-15b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-628	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-26b	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-148b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-624	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-124-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-30c-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-148b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-193a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-217	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-25	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-372	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-379	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-432	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-450a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-450a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-450b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-493	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-508	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-517c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-519e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-98	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-107	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-133b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-134	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-144	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-151a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-197	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-202	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-208a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-208b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-212	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-296	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-302c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320c-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320d-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-324	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-326	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-330	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-345	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-346	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-361	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-365a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-365b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-370	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-373	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-381	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-409	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-423	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-483	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-484	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-485	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-489	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-490	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-492	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-498	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-503	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-518b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-519e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-520d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-526a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-526a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-526b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-527	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-542	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-105-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-105-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-500a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-500b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-194-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-922	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-516a-1	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-516a-2	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-571	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-548b	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-548c	Frontotemporal Lobar Degeneration
hsa-mir-146a	Sjogren's Syndrome
hsa-mir-146b	Sjogren's Syndrome
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-196a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-204	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-215	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-335	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-506	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-7-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-7-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-let-7i	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-126	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-155	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-21	Cardiomyopathy,Dilated
hsa-mir-135b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-494	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Obesity
hsa-mir-30e	Obesity
hsa-mir-30e	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-106b	Periodontal Diseases
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Creutzfeldt-Jakob Syndrome
hsa-mir-146a	Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker Disease
hsa-mir-15b	Anus Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-122	Drug-Induced Liver Injury
hsa-mir-192	Drug-Induced Liver Injury
hsa-mir-183	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34b	Small Cell Lung Carcinoma
hsa-mir-34c	Small Cell Lung Carcinoma
hsa-mir-214	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-150	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-146a	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-125b-1	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-125b-2	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-150	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-155	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-199b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-505	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34b	Adenocarcinoma
hsa-mir-155	Ischemia
hsa-mir-135a-1	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-17	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-383	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-485	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-203	Ependymoma
hsa-let-7d	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-596	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-367	Ependymoma
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Promyelocytic,Acute
hsa-mir-375	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-493	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-1-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 1
hsa-mir-125b-1	Nasal Polyps
hsa-mir-125b-2	Nasal Polyps
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-885	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-365a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Influenza,Human
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3163	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-539	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-1305	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-1260a	Glioblastoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-34c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Glioma
hsa-mir-222	Glioma
hsa-mir-25	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-449a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-449b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-223	HIV
hsa-mir-29a	HIV
hsa-mir-155	HIV
hsa-mir-21	HIV
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-9-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-9-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-31	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-124-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-143	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-324	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-628	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-140	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-362	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-545	Hand,Foot and Mouth Disease
hsa-mir-218-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-218-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-128-1	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-128-2	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-27b	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-31	Glioma
hsa-mir-663a	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-369	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-615	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-410	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-133a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-145	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-23a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-15b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-26a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-26a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-195	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-192	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-196a-1	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-196a-2	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-203	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-181b-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-219-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-219-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-346	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-195	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-92a-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-17	Schizophrenia
hsa-let-7g	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-103a-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-103b-1	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-103a-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-103b-2	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-26a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-152	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-29a	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-29b-1	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-29b-2	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-29c	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-196b	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-100	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-155	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-124-1	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-124-2	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-124-3	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-203	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-223	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-346	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-132	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-363	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-498	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-15a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-16-1	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-16-2	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-141	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-34c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-520e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-192	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-19b-1	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-19b-2	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-let-7g	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-150	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-30c-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-195	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-95	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-186	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-577	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-503	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-421	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518f	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-591	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-524	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-595	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-640	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519e	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-658	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-661	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-601	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-629	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-217	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-603	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-17	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-193a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-10b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-3	Glioma
hsa-mir-423	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-320a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-22	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-92b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1915	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Periodontitis
hsa-let-7a-2	Periodontitis
hsa-let-7a-3	Periodontitis
hsa-let-7c	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-130a	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-301a	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-520d	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-181b-1	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-181b-2	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-19b-1	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-19b-2	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-23a	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-30a	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-548a-1	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-548a-2	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-548a-3	Periodontitis
hsa-mir-206	Muscular Dystrophies
hsa-mir-21	Melanoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-184	Eye Abnormalities
hsa-mir-375	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-1266	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-9-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-9-3	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-23a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-27a	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-24-2	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-23a	Heart Diseases
hsa-mir-27a	Heart Diseases
hsa-mir-24-2	Heart Diseases
hsa-mir-135a-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-155	Lichen Planus,Oral
hsa-mir-30c-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-2	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,B-Cell
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-182	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Lymphoproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-223	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-421	Biliary Tract Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Pain
hsa-mir-494	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-92a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-92a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-137	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-181c	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-9-3	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29b-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-30e	Glioma
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-107	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1245b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1245a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-205	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-1301	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-196a-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-499a	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-143	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Hypertension
hsa-mir-34a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-196a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-133b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-29a	Biliary Atresia
hsa-mir-29b-1	Biliary Atresia
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-205	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-148a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Inflammation
hsa-mir-375	Small Cell Lung Carcinoma
hsa-mir-335	Glioma
hsa-mir-1183	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-622	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-188	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-671	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1909	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-765	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-720	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-124-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-124-3	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-320a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320c-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Glioma
hsa-mir-574	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-137	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-155	Down Syndrome
hsa-mir-200a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-200b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-200c	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-7-2	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-7-3	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-498	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-187	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-874	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-143	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-224	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-767	Rhinitis,Allergic,Perennial
hsa-mir-365a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-24-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-26a-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-26a-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-181a-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-181a-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-342	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-574	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-130b	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-103a-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-103b-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-103a-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-103b-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-610	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-570	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-518c	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-192	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181d	Glioma
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-1-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-192	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-29a	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-29b-1	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-29b-2	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-29c	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-200a	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-200b	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-200c	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-31	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520e	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-31	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-27b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-195	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-26b	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-196a-2	Abortion,Habitual
hsa-mir-499a	Abortion,Habitual
hsa-mir-200c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-211	Melanoma
hsa-mir-483	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-1236	Inflammation
hsa-mir-192	Diabetic Nephropathies
hsa-mir-17	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-23b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-614	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-572	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-648	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-422a	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-22	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-375	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-650	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-7-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-7-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-7-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Melanoma
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-218-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-28	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-328	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-122	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-101-1	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-101-2	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-183	Pheochromocytoma
hsa-mir-4306	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-202	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-4257	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1323	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-922	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-516b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-718	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1471	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2355	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3186	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-3130-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-526a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1469	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-874	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-146b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-339	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-370	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-9-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-26a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-210	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-155	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181c	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181d	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-124-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-124-3	Glioma
hsa-mir-103a-1	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-103a-2	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-24-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-let-7i	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519d	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7e	Crohn Disease
hsa-let-7f-1	Crohn Disease
hsa-let-7f-2	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-421	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Leukemia
hsa-mir-195	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-222	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Glioma
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Aging
hsa-mir-9-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-193a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-145	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-199a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-199a-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-21	Leprosy
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Inflammation
hsa-mir-195	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Cholesteatoma
hsa-let-7a-1	Cholesteatoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Cholesteatoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Cholesteatoma
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29b-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-29b-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-34a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-10b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-200b	Crohn Disease
hsa-let-7b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1285-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-1285-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-424	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-152	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-638	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-198	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-146a	Lupus Nephritis
hsa-mir-20a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-125b-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-146a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-31	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-375	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-27b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-134	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-146a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-139	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-345	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125a	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-126	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-31	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-146a	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-146b	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-503	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-145	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-29b-1	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-29b-2	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-1	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7a-2	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7a-3	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7b	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7c	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7d	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7e	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7f-1	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7f-2	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7g	Endometriosis
hsa-let-7i	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-9-2	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-9-3	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-181c	Fanconi Anemia
hsa-mir-135a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1322	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Schizophrenia
hsa-let-7d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1207	Glomerulonephritis
hsa-mir-520b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30c-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30c-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Hypopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Lymphoproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-33a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Giant Cell Tumors
hsa-mir-155	Inflammation
hsa-mir-22	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-21	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-423	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-143	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-106a	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-29a	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-29c	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-124-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Cataract
hsa-mir-27a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-15a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-24-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-141	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-199a-2	Sezary Syndrome
hsa-mir-214	Sezary Syndrome
hsa-mir-449a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-1-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-92a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-96	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-182	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-183	Hodgkin Disease
hsa-mir-297	Sepsis
hsa-mir-574	Sepsis
hsa-mir-31	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Fibrosis
hsa-mir-148b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Non-Hodgkin
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1273c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1303	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-567	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-32	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Liposarcoma
hsa-mir-130a	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-181c	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-142	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Brain Injuries
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-196b	Leukemia
hsa-mir-215	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-299	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-411	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Aortic Aneurysm,Abdominal
hsa-mir-212	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-196a-1	Keloid
hsa-mir-196a-2	Keloid
hsa-mir-941-1	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-941-3	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-941-4	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-203	Burns
hsa-mir-663a	Burns
hsa-mir-200c	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-1-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-148b	Glomerulonephritis,IGA
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Prion Diseases
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-125b-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-206	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-516b-1	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-516b-2	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-671	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-550a-1	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-550a-2	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-142	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-508	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-509-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-509-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-509-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-135a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-135a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-135b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-520a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-520b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-520c	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-520d	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-520e	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-1-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-152	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-422a	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-145	Hypoxia-Ischemia,Brain
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181a-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-181a-2	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-222	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-21	Hypertension
hsa-mir-493	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-143	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-145	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-499a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-126	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-15b	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-16-1	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-16-2	Liver Failure
hsa-mir-205	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-375	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Glioma
hsa-mir-335	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-506	Liver Cirrhosis,Biliary
hsa-mir-17	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-18a	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-19a	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-20a	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Hemangiosarcoma
hsa-mir-34a	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-199a-1	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-26a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-16-2	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-23a	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-29a	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-106a	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-107	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-126	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-191	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-199a-1	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-199a-2	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-200c	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-362	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-532	Crohn Disease
hsa-mir-23a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-27b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-223	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-375	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-675	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-146a	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-146b	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-222	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-7-1	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-7-2	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-7-3	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-29b-1	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-29b-2	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-339	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-142	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-132	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-212	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-592	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-92a-1	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-106b	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-211	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-210	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-365a	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-203	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-193a	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-193b	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-let-7c	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-144	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-30a	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-130a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Hepatitis C
hsa-let-7c	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-23b	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-150	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-216a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-328	Hypertension
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-25	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106b	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-25	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-146b	Obesity
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-517a	Pregnancy,Ectopic
hsa-mir-519d	Pregnancy,Ectopic
hsa-mir-525	Pregnancy,Ectopic
hsa-mir-323a	Pregnancy,Ectopic
hsa-mir-30a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Chronic-Phase
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-518b	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-539	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-550a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-550a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376b	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-126	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-29b-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-25	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-96	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-182	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-130b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-183	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-1	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-129-2	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-27b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1915	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7d	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Albuminuria
hsa-mir-137	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-217	HIV
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-133a-2	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-133b	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-30a	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-30b	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-30c-1	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-30c-2	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-30d	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-107	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Graft vs Host Disease
hsa-mir-148a	Myositis Ossificans
hsa-mir-26a-1	Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
hsa-mir-26a-2	Multiple Endocrine Neoplasia Type 1
hsa-mir-520h	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-365a	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-199b	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-513a-1	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-513a-2	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-513b	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-513c	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-571	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-652	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-92a-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-126	Inflammation
hsa-mir-34b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-34c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Liver Diseases
hsa-mir-216a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-34b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-34c	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-199b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-210	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-650	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-223	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-21	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-31	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-106b	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-145	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-150	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-557	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-598	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-371a	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-15a	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-32	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-192	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-215	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Kidney Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-744	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-192	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29b-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-29b-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-29a	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-29c	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Dyspepsia
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-17	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-20a	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-20b	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-193a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Small Cell
hsa-mir-135a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-629	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-26b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-571	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-625	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-134	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-339	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-454	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-144	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-655	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-425	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-381	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-219-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-219-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-302b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7f-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7f-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-302c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-367	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-142	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-151a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-151b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-320a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-365a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-365b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-181b-1	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-181b-2	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-363	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-490	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-137	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-217	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-4792	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-421	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-148a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-20a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-221	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-625	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-99b	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-328	Myopia
hsa-mir-15a	Leukemia
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-219-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-219-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-20a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-25	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Hypertension
hsa-mir-124-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Influenza,Human
hsa-mir-140	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Graves Disease
hsa-mir-376b	Graves Disease
hsa-mir-431	Graves Disease
hsa-mir-34a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-143	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-320a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-16-1	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Glioma
hsa-mir-93	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-215	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-422a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Liver Diseases
hsa-mir-29b-1	Liver Diseases
hsa-mir-29b-2	Liver Diseases
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-495	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-551a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-140	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-let-7e	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-106a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-363	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-20b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-92a-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-17	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1246	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioma
hsa-mir-141	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-26a-1	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-26a-2	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-22	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,Non-Hodgkin
hsa-mir-1258	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-151a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-1	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-135a-2	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-708	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-363	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-184	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-342	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-574	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-199b	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-200b	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-342	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-432	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-23b	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-493	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-493	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-664	Prolactinoma
hsa-mir-107	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-22	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-127	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-142	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-148a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-92b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-93	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-99a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-199a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-331	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Osteoporosis
hsa-mir-133a-2	Osteoporosis
hsa-mir-375	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Osteolysis
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-31	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-564	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-125b-1	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-125b-2	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-128-1	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-128-2	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-30e	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-20b	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-15b	Kidney Failure,Chronic
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-301a	Demyelinating Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Demyelinating Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Demyelinating Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-298	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-183	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-675	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-3151	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-181a-2	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-129-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-938	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-181c	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-181d	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-18b	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-19b-1	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-19b-2	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-2861	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-3196	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-455	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-542	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-572	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-638	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-93	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378b	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378c	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378d-1	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378d-2	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378e	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378f	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378g	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378h	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-378i	Carcinoma,Basal Cell
hsa-mir-214	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-210	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-378a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378d-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378d-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378e	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378f	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378g	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378h	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-378i	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-30b	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-633	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-127	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-323b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Melanoma
hsa-mir-138-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-15a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-191	Melanoma
hsa-mir-933	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-147a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-19a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-223	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-708	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-93	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-155	Asthma
hsa-mir-19a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-93	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioma
hsa-mir-221	Asthma
hsa-mir-708	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-370	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-122	Hyperlipidemias
hsa-mir-370	Hyperlipidemias
hsa-mir-92a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-103a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-381	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-107	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-423	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-125b-1	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-181b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-7-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Glioma
hsa-mir-130a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-30a	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-130b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-139	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-199b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-23a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-432	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-486	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-499b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-133a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1224	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-212	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-328	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Glioma
hsa-mir-107	Obesity
hsa-mir-107	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Moyamoya Disease
hsa-mir-196a-2	Moyamoya Disease
hsa-mir-23b	Inflammation
hsa-mir-31	Pulmonary Fibrosis
hsa-mir-219-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-608	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-92a-2	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-9-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-499b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-210	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-150	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-15b	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-197	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-23a	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-497	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-548b	Astrocytoma
hsa-mir-190a	Meningioma
hsa-mir-219-1	Meningioma
hsa-mir-219-2	Meningioma
hsa-mir-29c	Meningioma
hsa-mir-193b	Aging
hsa-mir-199a-1	Aging
hsa-mir-199a-2	Aging
hsa-mir-320c-1	Aging
hsa-mir-320c-2	Aging
hsa-mir-361	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-625	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-297	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-625	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-424	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-221	Glioma
hsa-mir-222	Glioma
hsa-mir-17	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-18a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-19a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-20a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-574	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-let-7b	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-23a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Odontogenic Tumors
hsa-mir-16-1	Odontogenic Tumors
hsa-mir-16-2	Odontogenic Tumors
hsa-mir-590	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200a	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-93	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-100	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-20a	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-28	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-34c	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-7-1	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-7-2	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-7-3	Pulmonary Disease,Chronic Obstructive
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-10b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378e	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378f	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378g	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378h	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378i	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-23b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-325	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-497	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-632	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-29b-2	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-204	Nerve Sheath Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-126	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-31	Leukoplakia,Oral
hsa-mir-122	Sepsis
hsa-mir-15a	Sepsis
hsa-mir-16-1	Sepsis
hsa-mir-16-2	Sepsis
hsa-mir-193a	Sepsis
hsa-mir-223	Sepsis
hsa-mir-483	Sepsis
hsa-mir-195	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-let-7d	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-137	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-153-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-153-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-708	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-2	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-196b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-137	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-17	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-153-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-138-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-513a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-410	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-29a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-499a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-499b	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-145	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-182	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-218-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-218-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-650	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-125b-2	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-146b	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-193a	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-193b	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-208a	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-221	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-34a	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-34b	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-34c	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-378a	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-381	Myotonic Dystrophy
hsa-mir-7-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-29a	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-29b-1	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-29b-2	Multiple Sclerosis
hsa-mir-92a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27b	Dyslipidemias
hsa-let-7e	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-142	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-142	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-19a	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-668	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-92b	Lung Diseases,Interstitial
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-15a	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-15a	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-15b	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-15b	Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-103a-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103a-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-1	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-103b-2	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-494	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-20a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-345	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-512-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-518a-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1256	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7a-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-21	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-107	Pituitary Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Endomyocardial Fibrosis
hsa-mir-101-2	Endomyocardial Fibrosis
hsa-mir-126	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-197	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-223	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-155	Behcet Syndrome
hsa-mir-142	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-145	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-146a	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-146b	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-21	Eosinophilic Esophagitis
hsa-mir-124-1	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-615	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7g	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-324	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-146a	Asthma
hsa-mir-1231	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106b	Glioma
hsa-mir-20a	Glioma
hsa-mir-9-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-9-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-9-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-92a-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-194-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Brain Ischemia
hsa-mir-185	Glioma
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-126	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pre-Eclampsia
hsa-mir-144	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-451a	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-451b	Leukemia,Myelogenous,Chronic,BCR-ABL Positive
hsa-mir-146a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-148b	Lymphoma,Non-Hodgkin
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-184	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-504	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-34b	Intracranial Aneurysm
hsa-mir-34c	Intracranial Aneurysm
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-155	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-124-1	Sepsis
hsa-mir-124-2	Sepsis
hsa-mir-146a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302b	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302c	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302d	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302e	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302f	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Melanoma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Melanoma
hsa-mir-214	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-29c	Influenza,Human
hsa-mir-144	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-147b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-2110	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-483	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-492	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-652	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Myeloproliferative Disorders
hsa-mir-17	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-18a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-19b-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-20a	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1271	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1303	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-502	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-542	Glioma
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-373	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-196a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-21	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-21	Aortic Valve Stenosis
hsa-mir-137	Schizophrenia
hsa-mir-133b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-26a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-335	Meningioma
hsa-mir-141	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378e	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378f	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378g	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378h	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378i	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-513a-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-513a-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-513b	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-513c	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378d-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378e	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378f	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378g	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378h	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378i	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-148a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-296	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-340	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-92a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-132	Dementia
hsa-mir-212	Dementia
hsa-mir-221	Asthma
hsa-mir-485	Asthma
hsa-mir-141	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-19b-1	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-19b-2	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-629	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-147a	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-147b	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-19b-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-3179-1	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-3179-2	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-3179-3	Tuberculosis,Pulmonary
hsa-mir-320a	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-370	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-153-1	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-2	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-519c	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-561	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-590	Rectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-200c	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-331	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Sarcoma,Ewing
hsa-mir-10b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-106a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-181b-1	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-132	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7b	Precursor Cell Lymphoblastic Leukemia-Lymphoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-100	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-138-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-141	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-183	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-15a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Neuroendocrine
hsa-mir-181d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30e	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-532	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Coronary Artery Disease
hsa-mir-100	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-let-7i	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-138-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-138-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-421	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-409	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Melanoma
hsa-mir-15a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-15b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-182	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-203	Melanoma
hsa-mir-96	Melanoma
hsa-mir-151a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-let-7f-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-143	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-145	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-101-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-29b-1	Nervous System Diseases
hsa-mir-29b-2	Nervous System Diseases
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-544a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-544b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-134	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-345	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-93	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-151a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-151b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-155	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-135b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Acute Lung Injury
hsa-mir-16-2	Acute Lung Injury
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-203	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-127	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-338	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-146b	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-155	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-193a	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-193b	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-19a	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-19b-1	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-19b-2	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-223	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-486	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-519b	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-125b-1	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-31	Melanoma
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642a	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-642b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-944	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-200c	Melanoma
hsa-mir-203	Melanoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-127	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-411	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-431	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-432	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-219-2	Inflammation
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-9-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Glioma
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-451a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-498	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-100	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-17	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1280	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-20a	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-153-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-187	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-371a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-337	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-200c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-198	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-143	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1297	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-511-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-200c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Glioma
hsa-mir-328	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-370	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29a	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-29b-2	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-150	Leukemia
hsa-mir-125a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-181a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-376a-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-376a-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-26a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-18a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-375	Glioma
hsa-mir-15a	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-16-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-143	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Meningioma
hsa-mir-210	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-26a-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-429	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-29a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Chronic-Phase
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Chronic-Phase
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Chronic-Phase
hsa-mir-149	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-137	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-125b-2	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-101-1	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-101-2	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-144	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-9-1	HIV
hsa-mir-9-2	HIV
hsa-mir-495	Leukemia
hsa-mir-574	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-130a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-224	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-186	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-337	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-760	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-197	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-101-2	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-34a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-29b-2	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-152	Glioma
hsa-mir-15b	Glioma
hsa-mir-24-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-24-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-517a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-517c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-135b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-149	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-550a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-550a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-550a-3	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-100	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-137	Melanoma
hsa-mir-204	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	HIV-1
hsa-mir-720	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-638	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-663b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-34c	Mesothelioma
hsa-mir-211	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-1-2	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-383	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-200c	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Wounds and Injuries
hsa-mir-218-1	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-218-2	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-150	Scleroderma,Systemic
hsa-mir-125b-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-199a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-133a-1	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-133a-2	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-361	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-99a	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-99b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-210	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-100	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-216a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-16-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-657	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-135a-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-135a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-106a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1290	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-133a-2	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-211	Glioma
hsa-mir-302a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-367	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-302a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-9-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Glioma
hsa-mir-22	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-1	Neoplasms,Glandular and Epithelial
hsa-mir-153-2	Neoplasms,Glandular and Epithelial
hsa-mir-320a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-29b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-26a-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-26a-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-133b	Gastrointestinal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Myasthenia Gravis
hsa-mir-145	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-224	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-421	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-199a-2	Cystitis,Interstitial
hsa-mir-126	Myocytes,Cardiac
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-146a	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-149	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-196a-1	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-196a-2	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-17	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-20a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-22	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-186	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-204	Glioma
hsa-mir-544a	Glioma
hsa-mir-544b	Glioma
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-375	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-7-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-7-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-10b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-223	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-138-2	Leukemia,Myeloid
hsa-mir-146a	Myocardial Reperfusion Injury
hsa-mir-142	Stomach Diseases
hsa-mir-155	Stomach Diseases
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-98	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-205	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-218-2	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-181a-1	Inflammation
hsa-mir-181a-2	Inflammation
hsa-mir-107	Glioma
hsa-mir-150	Hypertension
hsa-mir-29b-1	Cicatrix
hsa-mir-29b-2	Cicatrix
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-146a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-193a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-21	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-30c-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-449a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-16-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-182	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Endometrioid
hsa-mir-17	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-383	Medulloblastoma
hsa-mir-196a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-3940	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-24-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-1-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-133b	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-18a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-125b-1	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-335	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-145	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-148b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Psoriasis
hsa-mir-31	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-596	Mouth Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Ischemia
hsa-mir-27a	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-195	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-30a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-21	Spinal Cord Injuries
hsa-mir-10b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Inflammation
hsa-mir-92a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-218-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-190a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-190b	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-29a	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-17	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-20a	Myelodysplastic Syndromes
hsa-mir-25	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-363	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-18a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-143	Glioma
hsa-mir-17	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Diabetes Complications
hsa-mir-145	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	HIV-1
hsa-mir-125b-2	HIV-1
hsa-mir-137	Oligodendroglioma
hsa-mir-182	Glioma
hsa-mir-183	Glioma
hsa-mir-96	Glioma
hsa-mir-29b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-29b-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-24-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-24-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-27a	Glioma
hsa-mir-27a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Cerebral Infarction
hsa-mir-31	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-375	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-16-2	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-182	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-424	Hypertension
hsa-mir-503	Hypertension
hsa-mir-183	Glioma
hsa-mir-17	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-501	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-146a	Behcet Syndrome
hsa-mir-100	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-885	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-143	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Arthritis,Rheumatoid
hsa-mir-362	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Osteoarthritis
hsa-mir-7-1	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-7-2	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-7-3	Parkinson Disease
hsa-mir-182	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-204	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Colitis,Ulcerative
hsa-mir-15b	Fatty Liver
hsa-mir-155	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-21	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-9-1	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-372	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-100	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-326	Glioma
hsa-mir-199a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-146a	Psychotic Disorders
hsa-mir-212	Psychotic Disorders
hsa-mir-200a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-149	Glioma
hsa-mir-99a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-107	Glioma
hsa-mir-23b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-210	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-326	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-329-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-329-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-323a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-323b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-34b	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-125b-2	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-636	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-146a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-10b	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-16-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-182	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-34b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-384	Myocardial Ischemia
hsa-mir-155	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30b	Vascular Calcification
hsa-mir-30c-1	Vascular Calcification
hsa-mir-30c-2	Vascular Calcification
hsa-mir-30c-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-152	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-218-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-124-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-124-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-124-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-374a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-145	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-155	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-125a	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Infertility,Male
hsa-mir-34a	Choriocarcinoma
hsa-mir-708	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-211	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-3	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-193b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-330	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Lung Diseases
hsa-mir-23b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Hypertension
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30c-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Influenza,Human
hsa-mir-138-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-423	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-206	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Glioma
hsa-mir-34a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Huntington Disease
hsa-mir-15a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-296	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-198	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	HIV-1
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-214	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-199a-1	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-199a-2	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-199b	Cardiomyopathies
hsa-mir-1246	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-520a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520c	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520d	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520e	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520f	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520g	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-520h	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-31	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-451a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-150	Sepsis
hsa-mir-100	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Liver Neoplasms
hsa-mir-376a-1	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-376a-2	Retinoblastoma
hsa-mir-7-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-3	Glioma
hsa-mir-26b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-143	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-141	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Glioma
hsa-mir-100	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-16-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Glioma
hsa-mir-30a	Glioma
hsa-mir-182	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Vascular Diseases
hsa-mir-138-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-26a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-145	Glioma
hsa-mir-150	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-342	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-198	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-17	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-181a-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-367	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-153-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-153-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-142	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-132	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Inflammatory Bowel Diseases
hsa-mir-137	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-221	Melanoma
hsa-mir-222	Melanoma
hsa-mir-29a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-140	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-124-1	Melanoma
hsa-mir-124-2	Melanoma
hsa-mir-124-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-7-3	Glioma
hsa-mir-122	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-31	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-342	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-133a-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151a	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-151b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-106a	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-92b	Glioma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-185	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Liver Cirrhosis
hsa-mir-17	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-24-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-24-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320d-1	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-320d-2	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-498	Sarcoma,Kaposi
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-487b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-154	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-570	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-181b-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-196a-2	Vitiligo
hsa-mir-25	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b-1	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-29b-2	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-155	Laryngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Melanoma
hsa-mir-18a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29c	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-2	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-203	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-378a	Cardiomegaly
hsa-mir-210	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-27a	Hepatitis C
hsa-mir-23a	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-23b	Endometriosis
hsa-mir-30a	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-195	Tongue Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-218-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-335	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30a	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-194-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-199a-2	Muscular Dystrophy,Duchenne
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia-Lymphoma,Adult T-Cell
hsa-mir-149	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-127	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-99a	Diabetes Mellitus,Type 2
hsa-mir-15a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-28	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-130b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-452	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-454	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-486	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-574	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30b	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-124-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-124-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-200a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-1	HCMV Infection
hsa-mir-199a-2	HCMV Infection
hsa-mir-195	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-18a	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-19a	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-19b-1	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-20a	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-92a-1	Polycystic Kidney Diseases
hsa-mir-200a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-125b-2	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-181a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-30a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-193a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-23a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-338	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-223	Barrett Esophagus
hsa-mir-221	Obesity
hsa-mir-483	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-195	Adrenocortical Carcinoma
hsa-mir-146a	Sepsis
hsa-mir-133a-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-133a-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-30d	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-451b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-10a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-30e	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-126	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-124a-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-124a-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-9-1	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-9-3	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34b	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-34c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-124-1	Cerebral Ischemia
hsa-mir-124-2	Cerebral Ischemia
hsa-mir-200c	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-708	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-142	SIV Infection
hsa-mir-140	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26a-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Lymphocytic,Chronic,B-Cell
hsa-mir-21	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-1-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-1	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-133a-2	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-208a	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-150	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Stroke
hsa-mir-497	Stroke
hsa-mir-181a-1	Stroke
hsa-mir-181a-2	Stroke
hsa-mir-1-1	Stroke
hsa-mir-1-2	Stroke
hsa-let-7f-1	Stroke
hsa-let-7f-2	Stroke
hsa-mir-126	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Endometrial Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Uterine Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-199a-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-96	Urinary Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181a-1	PRRSV Infection
hsa-mir-181a-2	PRRSV Infection
hsa-mir-181b-1	PRRSV Infection
hsa-mir-181b-2	PRRSV Infection
hsa-mir-181c	PRRSV Infection
hsa-mir-451a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-181a-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-181a-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-26b	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-145	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-92a-1	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-92a-2	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-30e	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-29a	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-485	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-199a-1	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-199a-2	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioma
hsa-mir-218-1	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-203	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-432	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-1286	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-641	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-1290	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-1287	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-95	HPV Infection
hsa-mir-503	Carcinoma,Endometrioid
hsa-mir-370	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-29c	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Fatty Liver,Non-Alcoholic
hsa-mir-34a	Fatty Liver,Non-Alcoholic
hsa-mir-122	Fatty Liver,Non-Alcoholic
hsa-mir-451	Fatty Liver,Non-Alcoholic
hsa-mir-211	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-491	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-184	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-133a-1	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-133a-2	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-370	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-7-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-125b-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-125b-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-506	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-1	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135a-2	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-135b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-137	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-328	Atrial Fibrillation
hsa-mir-197	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-335	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146a	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-375	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-339	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-192-2	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-630	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-146a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-186	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-148a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-mir-10b	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-129-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-129-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-221	HEV
hsa-mir-222	HEV
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-24-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-24-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-345	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-370	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-19b-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-19b-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-301a	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-107	Glioma
hsa-mir-205	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-26	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-34a	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-221	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-708	Bladder Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Leukemia,lymphoblastic,Acute
hsa-mir-383	Glioma
hsa-mir-10b	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Thyroid Neoplasms
hsa-mir-138-1	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-138-2	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-155	Diabetes Mellitus
hsa-mir-141	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-429	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-7-1	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-7-2	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-7-3	Azoospermia
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Renal Cell
hsa-mir-874	Neoplasms,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-146a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	HIV
hsa-mir-222	HIV
hsa-mir-574	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-1228	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-583	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-663	Hepatitis B
hsa-mir-429	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	HIV
hsa-mir-101-2	HIV
hsa-mir-23a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-139	Glioma
hsa-mir-148a	Gastric Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-515-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-21	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-145	Head and Neck Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Myocardial Infarction
hsa-mir-144	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-92	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Colonic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-497	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-200b	Glioma
hsa-mir-191	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-31	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-183	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-122	HCV
hsa-mir-34a	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Glioma
hsa-mir-215	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-497	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-27a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-9-3	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioma
hsa-mir-22	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-125b-2	Lymphoma,T-Cell
hsa-mir-128-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Leukemia,lymphoblastic,Chronic
hsa-mir-26a-1	Pituitary Adenomas
hsa-mir-26a-2	Pituitary Adenomas
hsa-mir-200	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-181	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Leukemia,Acute
hsa-mir-20a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-320a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-150	Lymphoma
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-196a-1	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-196a-2	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-34b	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-34c	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-29c	Brain Injury
hsa-mir-155	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-342	Atherosclerosis
hsa-mir-9-1	Leukemia
hsa-mir-9-2	Leukemia
hsa-mir-9-3	Leukemia
hsa-mir-122	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-22	HBV Infection
hsa-mir-9-1	HIV Infection
hsa-mir-16-1	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-16-2	Osteosarcoma
hsa-mir-625	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-191	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-425	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34c	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Esophageal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-1	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-99a	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-145	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-1	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-92a-2	Ovarian Neoplasms
hsa-mir-155	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-125b-1	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-125b-2	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-93	Ovary Syndrome
hsa-mir-29b-1	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-29b-2	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Neoplasms
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-30a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-106b	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-218-1	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-218-2	Cervical Neoplasms
hsa-mir-101-1	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-101-2	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-128-1	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-128-2	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-200	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-145	Prostate Neoplasms
hsa-mir-584	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-222	Multiple Myeloma
hsa-mir-214	Nasopharyngeal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-612	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-486	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-182	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Carcinoma,Oral
hsa-mir-27a	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-216a	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-217	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-3148	Lupus Erythematosus,Systemic
hsa-mir-195	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-134	Glioblastoma
hsa-mir-371	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-21	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-508	Heart Failure
hsa-mir-129-1	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-129-2	Lymphoma,Large B-Cell,Diffuse
hsa-mir-152	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-126	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-151	Cholangiocarcinoma
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Glioma
hsa-mir-101-1	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-101-2	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-21	Osteosarcoma 
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-20a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-146b	Glioma
hsa-mir-101-1	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-101-2	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-21	Osteosarcoma 
hsa-mir-21	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-203	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-let-7a-1	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-2	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a-3	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7b	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7d	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7g	Carcinoma,Non-Small-Cell Lung
hsa-let-7a	Stomach Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-372	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-mir-373	Testicular Neoplasms
hsa-let-7c	Leiomyoma
hsa-mir-125b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-485	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-509	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-765	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-148a	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-148b	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-152	Anxiety Disorders
hsa-mir-146a	Alzheimer Disease
hsa-mir-17	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-17	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-127	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-127	Burkitt Lymphoma
hsa-mir-182	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-96	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Glioma
hsa-mir-222	Glioma
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-106a	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-17	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-143	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-143	Lymphoma,B-Cell
hsa-mir-1-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-1-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-1	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133a-2	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133b	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-133b	Hypertrophy
hsa-mir-10b	Fatty Liver,Non-Alcoholic
hsa-mir-510	Irritable Bowel Syndrome
hsa-let-7a-1	Melanoma
hsa-let-7a-2	Melanoma
hsa-let-7a-3	Melanoma
hsa-mir-145	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-210	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Glioma
hsa-let-7b	Melanoma
hsa-mir-1-1	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-1-2	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-206	Rhabdomyosarcoma
hsa-mir-125a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-128	Glioma
hsa-mir-215	Glioma
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-145	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15b	Glioma
hsa-mir-21	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-21	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-222	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-29a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29a	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29b	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-29c	Lung Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-34a	Glioblastoma 
hsa-mir-122	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-15b	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-16-1	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-16-2	Stomach Neoplasms 
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-22	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-221	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-222	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34b	Leukemia,Myeloid,Acute
hsa-mir-449a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-224	Carcinoma,Hepatocellular
hsa-mir-143	Colorectal Neoplasms
hsa-mir-189	Tourette Syndrome
hsa-mir-206	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-15a	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Prostatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-18a	Carcinoma,Squamous Cell
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200b	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-200c	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-429	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-141	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-205	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-34a	Neuroblastoma
hsa-mir-126	Colon Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-27a	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Lymphoma,Mantle-Cell
hsa-mir-155	Pancreatic Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-1	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-16-2	Breast Neoplasms
hsa-mir-433	Parkinson Disease